♪♪
♪ On a dark desert highway ♪
♪ Cool wind in my hair ♪
♪ Warm smell of colitas ♪
♪ Rising up through the air ♪
♪ Up ahead in the distance ♪
♪ I saw a shimmering light ♪
♪ My head grew heavy and my
sight grew dim ♪
♪ I had to stop for the night ♪
♪ There she stood in the
doorway ♪
♪ Heard the mission bell ♪
♪ And I was thinking to myself ♪
♪ "This could be Heaven or this
could be Hell." ♪
♪ Then she lit up a candle ♪
♪ And she showed me the way ♪
♪ There were voices down the
corridor ♪
♪ I thought I heard them say ♪
♪ Welcome to the Hotel
California ♪
-♪ Such a lovely place ♪
♪ Such a lovely face ♪
♪ There's plenty of room at the
Hotel California ♪
-♪ Any time of year ♪
♪ You can find it here ♪
♪ Her mind is Tiffany-twisted ♪
♪ She got the Mercedes Benz ♪
♪ She got a lot of pretty,
pretty boys ♪
♪ That she calls friends ♪
♪ How they dance in the
courtyard ♪
♪ Sweet summer sweat ♪
♪ Some dance to remember ♪
♪ Some dance to forget ♪
♪ So I called up the Captain ♪
♪ "Please bring me my wine." ♪
♪ He said, "We haven't had that
spirit here since 1969." ♪
♪ And still those voices are
calling from far away ♪
♪ Wake you up in the middle of
the night ♪
♪ Just to hear them say ♪
♪ Welcome to the Hotel
California ♪
-♪ Such a lovely place ♪
♪ Such a lovely face ♪
♪ They're livin' it up at the
Hotel California ♪
-♪ What a nice surprise ♪
♪ Bring your alibis ♪
♪ Mirrors on the ceiling ♪
♪ Pink champagne on ice ♪
♪ And she said, "We are all just
prisoners here of our own
device." ♪
♪ And in the master's chambers ♪
♪ Gathered for the feast ♪
♪ They stab it with their steely
knives ♪
♪ But they just can't kill the
beast ♪
♪ Last thing I remember ♪
♪ I was running for the door ♪
♪ I had to find the passage
back ♪
♪ To the place I was before ♪
♪ "Relax," said the night man ♪
♪ "We are programmed to
receive. ♪
♪ "You can check out any time
you like. ♪
♪ "But you can never leave.” ♪
♪♪
[APPLAUSE]